---
title: WebExpo 2014
author: Michal
layout: post
permalink: posts/webexpo
hero: img/webexpo.jpg
source: WayraCEE
perex: Short article about some random stuff.
---

One week has passed since my first conference experience after joining [Tapmates](http://www.tapmates.com), so it’s time to summarise it. Going to an IT conference has never been on my wishlist, but being in the IT world now I gave it a try and went to [WebExpo](http://www.webexpo.cz). For those who don’t know, WebExpo is the biggest (more than 1500 attendees) internet related conference in Central Europe and took place on 13th and 14th September in Prague. 

I woke up on Saturday morning thinking what the heck am I (non IT guy) going to do there for two full days. I felt like I was going to some huge geek party. I couldn’t be more wrong! I spent time listening to stuff that I was actually able to understand with information I could easily absorb. Surprisingly there were plenty of topics for people not coming from pure IT world. Maybe I was lucky, but there was only one speech that wasn’t up to my expectations.

I really enjoyed the Startup Lessons section with captivating speakers (of course, Petr with [Tapmates'](http://www.tapmates.com/) story was no. 1). Having talked about their startup experience this was very stimulative and sometimes also eye-opening for those who want to build their own startup. Other stages were probably more attractive for IT guys. Topics like MariaDB or PostgreSQL were all Greek to me. However, I still had an opportunity to visit a few presentations which took my attention.

Overall, I would say the most interesting and entertaining was Adam Hrubý’s Design for change. Adam, an eccentric designer, had great speech about re-branding process shown on one example. On the other hand I was expecting more insider info about the real political marketing from Marek Prchal's 20 months of continuous campaign for ANO (Czech parliamentary party). 

I have to applaud to the idea of spreading the conference into 7 different locations in the hearth of Prague. It was great to have a short walk between the stages near the Wenceslas Square. It gave me time to get some fresh air, process newly gained information and also grab some food (Dish’s burger truck was awesome!). 

I would definitely recommend WebExpo not only to IT guys but also to everyone working in IT industry. I cannot compare with previous years, but everyone around me told me that this year was the best. I have no reason not to believe them and I hope next WebExpo will be even better, although it will be a tough task to beat this year.