---
title: Here comes the new iPhone 6
author: Michal
layout: post
permalink: posts/iphone6
hero: img/iphone6.jpg
source: Apple Inc.
perex: I am checking couple forums and Facebook pages of the sellers and it looks like there will be probably single units of the 64GB version for sale in the whole Czech Republic. Never mind, 16GB is still OK with the iCloud Photo Library, I guess… I just hope they will have enough of them in Space Gray. Time to move to the second task. I have a dilemma. In total, six different stores will sell iPhone in Prague this midnight and I don’t know which one to choose.
---

Today is the Code block we [iSetos](http://Czechmarket.com "Czech market") can officially buy the new iPhone 6 in the Czech Republic. More than one month after the official launch on more important markets, but still not in the last wave. For some it might be surprising and/or disappointing that Czech market is on the same importance level as Greenland, but Czech version of Apple site with google translator style text says it all. But, back to business. I have never been fan of *queuing* in front of the store for new iPhone, but everything should be tried. At least, there won’t be any traffickers from Eastern Europe. I expect they filled their wallets month ago and now they relax in Caribbean.

- It’s ten hours until the big moment, time to start getting ready.
- Task one - get some info regarding the availability of iPhones.

1. sketch a schedule for the night.
2. create a back-up plan.


I am checking couple forums and Facebook pages of the sellers and it looks like there will be probably single units of the 64GB version for sale in the whole Czech Republic. Never mind, 16GB is still OK with the iCloud Photo Library, I guess… I just hope they will have enough of them in Space Gray. Time to move to the second task.

I have a dilemma. In total, six different stores will sell iPhone in Prague this midnight and I don’t know which one to choose. Three of them are local carriers and I don’t want to go there as they might sell only to their clients. And it won’t surprise me if they say it after midnight. That leaves three APRs.

> iWant is right in the middle of Prague (the best reachability by the public transport and no parking). [iSetos](http://Czechmarket.com "Czech market") is the only store that is inside a shopping mall and it brings some advantages - big parking lot and waiting inside the mall. You can also win a MacBook Pro.

iStyle is also in the city centre, but there is a parking nearby. They are the only one that communicate via [Facebook](http://facebook.com "Facebook"), therefore everybody knows they will have probably one or two 64GB versions. They will be serving coffee, giving a nice notebook with the iPhones and they will take pre-orders in the queue, so people will know whether they will get the iPhone or not before midnight.

iSetos is the only store that is inside a shopping mall and it brings some advantages - big parking lot and waiting inside the mall. You can also win a MacBook Pro with Retina, but we all know that the winner is always some friend of the store staff. At a first sight, this one should be the choice, but what if everyone else thinks the same?! The night will be cold and no one will want to

I bet you'd like more information about this sentence [^1].

[^1]: Well lucky for you, I've included more information in footnote form.

| Tables        | Are           | Cool  |
| :-------------|:--------------|:------|
| col 3 is      | `right-aligned` | $1600 |
| col 2 is      | centered      |   $12 |
| zebra stripes | are neat      |    $1 |


stay outside for hours. The master plan is done! At first I thought of going there (still don’t know where, though) at 8 pm, but that means waiting for 4 hours at least. I am not that crazy. Let’s have some fun before. There is still some work to do in the office, so I will reach Prague downtown just in time to watch today’s football match at my friend’s apartment. The game should end by 9 and at 10 I will be queuing.

## Header 2

### Header 3

#### Header 4

##### Header 5

###### Header 6

The game is about to start and I have also a back up plan. If it goes wrong tonight, I will try all stores on my way to Hradec in the morning. I think I should be able to find one with some iPhones in stock. I have also decided to go to iSetos, the convenient location has won. Thanks to hooligans, tha game has been suspended before the half-time. I have seen photo of three people already queuing in Brno. Don't know whether to go now or wait. My favourite football club is winning and my time to leave is approaching[^2]. I hope there won’t be too much people for too few iPhones. The store in the mall is still winning, it's really cold outside.I'm here! Luckily they are making live reservations, so I know I will get 16GB Space Grey. There is something like 30 people in the line and the store still has 120 units left, d’oh! I should have come later.Still waiting, still the last in the line. Playing games on my old iPhone 5, reading and getting bored. Should have come later.

[^2]: Testing new service.

{% test /img/dzif.gif %}

Finally, the BIG moment is here. I didn't win the MacBook, bummer. They let only six people come inside simultaneously which means I will be in fifth or sixth group. At least there are ca. 20 new people behind me. Last one came around five minutes ago.I have it! My new iPhone 6! Now, it's time to get home and get some sleep. Was it worth to wait for the midnight launch? Tough to answer… The fact is that I would be able to get one on Friday morning without any problems. But it is easy to be wise after the event, right?

Was it fun? Depends, I could have read at home sitting on a sofa instead of floor. But it was actually fun to organise the day, read the insider info, select the right strategy and the atmosphere was nice with lot of friendly people around. Will I do it again? That’s in Apple’s hands. If they put the Czech Republic alongside the French West Indies one month after the first launch, I will. If it will be earlier in first or second wave, I will pass. I don’t need to queue with a bunch of East European resellers.

By the way, Apple’s strategy with supplying memory capacities is really ingenious. Most people want 64GB version and Apple knows it. Therefore it’s the version with the most limited available units. What happens is, that 90% of the people who wanted 64GB buy 128GB, because that $100 isn’t at the end that much money. Clever!

> iWant is right in the middle of Prague (the best reachability by the public transport and no parking). [iSetos](http://Czechmarket.com "Czech market") is the only store that is inside a shopping mall and it brings some advantages - big parking lot and waiting inside the mall. You can also win a MacBook Pro.